I'm he's gonna try one more he's old
black pic box number 88 here we go all
right got a book a book card ok we have
magic Johnson 175 Cameron Indoor Stadium
number 265 that is Grant Hill pretty
cool looking
Grant Hill book gold ink canvas there we
go and Archie Goodwin think every phones
ringing today off the hook cell phones
business from hobby box
I'll have to call you back in the
Millville i've seed video I'll call you
right back alright thanks but another
art arena ok got two books Glenn
Robinson 175 and this one is Carmichael
auditorium number 265 wing bob mackadoo
same as the Green Hill Carolina Duke and
oh a patch autograph number 240 Mark
Jackson with his famous inscription god
bless you Mark Jackson already
appreciate on me I'll get these both on
the way but it to you